(Claude)
Give me a status report
on the operatives.
(Operator A)
Sir, we're tracking
Dipper O'rion
through District Area TF‐13.
(Claude)
What about Julia?
(Operator B)
She just crossed
into District ZX‐97.
(Operator C)
I don't know what's going on,
but I'm not
picking up Kit's signal.
He might've wandered
outside the operation zone.
Expand the surveillance
parameters, now.
I knew using these kids
as bait was a bad idea.
(Declan)
Just make sure the Enforcement
Team is ready to engage.
They're on standby.
Our targets are near.
I feel it.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's
in your cards ♪
♪ If you will pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Sora)
Let's have a big party to
celebrate the fact
that we made it into
the Championship! (chuckling)
It's too early.
Huh?
You may have made it into
the championship.
But I still need
one more win.
Yeah, but...
What if you end up
not qualifying?
Will I still get a party?
I'll qualify!
'Cause I kinda already
ordered the cake.
We'll just have
to slice off
the "Go Yuya" section
if you don't make it.
What kinda cake is it?
This card,
isn't right for you.
(Sora)
I don't think I should tell
you what kind it is,
that might jinx it.
(Yuya)
Come on, gimme a hint!
No.
Come on!
It's chocolate popcorn,
isn't it!?
Where you goin', Zuzu?
Gotta go to a place
about a thing.
Ah, what now?
Maybe she ordered
a cake, too.
(Zuzu)
You know, got laundry to mail
and letters to wash!
(surprised gasp)
You're alone?
You should be careful,
it's not safe out.
(Julia)
Now listen, I can
take care of myself.
It's you who
should watch your back!
You're the one who attacked
Professor Marco, aren't you?!
Why don't you
just admit it?!
Who's Marco?
You know who
I'm talking about!
The Leo Institute Professor
who teaches
in the Fusion Department.
Oh, him?
Hmph.
He was quite
the disappointment.
I was hoping he'd at least
put up a good struggle.
But he was pathetic.
Be quiet!
Someone as rotten as you doesn't
get to talk like that about him.
Well, he's not alone.
Everyone from Leo
has been so weak.
And completely predictable.
No real passion, no respect
for the true art of the duel.
(Julia)
Are you saying you beat
the others too?
Why not find out?
Challenge me to a duel.
Then maybe you'll know
if I'm your guy or not.
Sir, the team
is ready to go
as soon as you give
the order.
(Julia)
Guys, I got him.
I'm sending you my
location now, hurry up.
Got it, on my way!
Sorry, but, but we've gotta
cut this a little short.
(Yuto)
Looking for someone?
(gasps)
Turn around
and walk away.
So you called for backup?
Only two people, though.
You must underestimate me.
You only heard two people
but now everyone
at the Leo Institute knows
exactly where you are.
More importantly, they know
what you look like.
We've got cameras
on you right now... Smile!
Or don't.
Either way, your little
dueling spree's about to end.
That's right!
Came as fast as I could.
I hope I didn't
miss anything exciting.
Let's take this clown down
before the Enforcement Team
arrives.
We'll be known
through the whole school
as the students who
caught the bad guy.
I like it.
You in, Dipper?
We'll use Battle Royal rules.
Which means the three of us
get the chance to take you on!
Fine by me.
This way, I can defeat
you all in one duel.
You need to leave.
I can't let you interfere
with my colleague's duel
with that girl.
Your colleague?
You mean the one
at the harbor?
Is he about to duel Julia?
(all)
Let's Duel!
All right, Julia,
kick this thing off.
Happy to!
First I'm summoning
Gem‐Knight Lapis!
Then I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
It's your go, punk!
So it is.
First up, I'm playing
a little something that's gonna
take my game to new heights,
Raidraptor‐Vanishing Lanius.
(screeching)
But it won't be flying solo
when it's summoned to my field.
It can bring along a friend
a second Vanishing Lanius.
Next I activate the spell
Raidraptor‐Nest.
Since I have two identical
Raidraptor's on my field,
I can fly a third one
from my deck to my hand.
(clicking)
But it won't stay
there for long.
Raidraptor's special ability,
let's me summon it right away.
Looks like there's one
for each of you now!
(Zuzu)
You've gotta stop that duel!
He'll listen to you,
end this, please, you have to.
I'm sorry, it's too late.
Now leave.
Stop!
If you try to interfere,
I can't guarantee your safety.
It's my turn!
And I'm gonna make some moves
that are out of this world!
Since I don't have any monsters
on my field and you do,
I can summon Constellar Siat.
Next I summon
Constellar Pollux.
What makes it so stellar?
I'll tell ya,
when it's summoned,
I'm allowed to summon another
Constellar monster from my hand!
So come on out,
Constellar Algiedi!
Thanks to its
special ability,
I can summon a Level 4
Constellar monster
from my hand
to fight by its side.
Say hello to Constellar Kaus!
Now, uh...
you Xyz Summon don't you?
Yeah, well so do I,
and I don't like you
running around town
giving it a bad name.
So if you
don't mind,
I'm gonna show you how
a real duelist Xyz Summons.
So get ready to find
out firsthand
why the Leo Institute
is the best there is!
I activate Kaus's
special ability,
which grants
an additional level
to both Algiedi
and itself!
And now I overlay my Level 5
Constellar Algiedi
and my Level 5
Constellar Kaus
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
The light
of distant stars shatters
the dark of night.
I Xyz Summon!
Constellar Pleiades!
Now I activate the spell,
Constellar Twinkle
which grants
Constellar Pollux
two additional levels!
Thanks to its own
special ability,
Constellar Siat's Level
increases to match Pollux's.
So now I'm gonna overlay
Pollux and Siat.
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon,
the great and mighty
Constellar Ptolemy M7!
Two back to back
Xyz Summons!
Not bad, Dipper!
Mhm, and that was
just the beginning.
'Cause now I'm activating
Constellar Pleiades's
special ability.
By using an Overlay Unit,
one Vanishing Lanius
returns to your hand!
And now I activate
Ptolemy M7's
special ability.
Why stop at getting rid
of one of your monsters
when I can get rid of two?
And with that
I end my turn.
All right, Kit,
it's all you now.
Oh, yeah, leave it to me!
(Zuzu)
Are you telling me you
can't guarantee my safety
if I try to stop your
pals duel with Julia?
Is that some sort of threat?
Answer me.
Is Julia in danger
right now?
Uh‐huh, yeah that's
what I figured.
I've gotta help her.
You can't,
like I said,
it's too late.
Here we go!
I'll start off this blowout
by summoning
XX‐Saber Boggart Knight!
When this saber
swinging bad boy
is successfully
summoned to the field,
I can also summon a Level
4‐or‐below X‐Saber from my hand!
Get set for the Level 1
Tuner Monster,
X‐Saber Palomuro!
And now, since I've got two
X‐Sabers on the field,
I can also bust out
XX‐Saber Faultroll!
You've seen
the extreme awesomeness
of Dipper's Xyz Summon,
but now it's time to
taste some Synchro Power!
Level 1 Palomuro tunes
Level 4 Boggart Knight!
I Synchro Summon
X‐Saber Wayne!
This posse isn't full yet,
'cause now I can summon
another X‐Saber from my hand.
So make way
for the Tuner Monster
XX‐Saber Fulhelmknight!
And now, thanks to Faultroll's
special ability,
Palomuro returns
from the graveyard!
Now, this is where
things get really awesome.
My Level 3 Fulhelmknight
tunes Level 6 Faultroll!
I Synchro Summon
Level 9 XX‐Saber Gottoms!
(grunts)
But that's not the end!
Now Palomuro tunes
X‐Saber Wayne
to spawn an unstoppable
cyclone of steel!
I Synchro Summon
Level 6 XX‐Saber Hyunlei!
Hmph.
Hope you weren't counting on
using those facedown cards!
'Cause Hyunlei can destroy up
to three spell and trap cards
on the field.
(shattering)
And now I use one
of Pleiades's Overlay Units
to activate its
special ability!
The last Vanishing Lanius
returns to your hand.
Great work!
His field
is completely empty!
That's right.
Huh?
But we could tighten
the screws even more.
(Kit)
It's time to call
in reinforcements!
I'm now activating
the spell card,
Gottoms' Second Call!
This lets me summon XX‐Saber
Faultroll and X‐Saber Wayne
from the graveyard
with zero attack points.
And now,
with Faultroll's ability,
I'm bringing back Fulhelmknight
from the graveyard.
Gottoms' special
ability activates!
It lets me tribute one
of my X‐Sabers to force you
to discard a card
from your hand.
But since I have
three X‐Sabers,
I think I'll get rid
of your entire hand!
(roaring)
Perfect! Now your hand's
as empty as your field!
Impressive!
These students really know what
they're doing, don't they?
Talk to me.
Who are
you guys?
What do you want?
We have enemies, Zuzu.
And a friend of ours
was taken by them.
My colleague and I,
we'll stop at nothing
to get her back.
You said "her,"
is that...
Hold on, are you
talking about Lulu?
(gasps)
Guys, remember,
LID's top team lost
to this big bozo.
I know!
That means if we
take him out,
we're better than the best
that LID has to offer!
Well then, what are
we waiting for?
I'll pass things off
to the finisher!
Julia, do what
you do best!
It'll be my pleasure,
Kit, Dipper.
Time for this diamond to shine.
Let's go!
I'll start things off
by playing the spell card
Gem‐Knight Fusion!
It lets me fuse
Gem‐Knight Lapis
with Gem‐Knight Lazuli!
Two gems
sparkle together,
illuminating
a new stone!
I Fusion Summon
Gem‐Knight
Lady Lapis Lazuli!
When your colleague saw me,
he called me Lulu.
Lulu?
How did you...
who helped you?
Did you get away?!
So is Lulu the friend
that was taken from you?
Do I look like her
or something?
The first time
that I saw you,
I thought you were Lulu.
But then I saw you were trying
to learn Fusion Summoning.
And Lulu would never do that.
Why not?
Get set for a move that's
a cut above the rest!
Since I sent Lazuli
to the graveyard,
I can take one monster from my
graveyard and add it to my hand.
Which means Gem‐Knight Lapis
is coming back for more action.
And don't think I'm done
with my Fusion Summons!
I can get my
Gem‐Knight Fusion back
by banishing a Gem‐Knight
monster from my graveyard.
See ya later,
Gem‐Knight Lazuli.
With it in my hand again,
I activate
Gem‐Knight Fusion!
I fuse my Gem‐Knight
Alexandrite,
Gem‐Knight Emerald
and Gem‐Knight Lapis!
Magical rock
of dark and light.
Gleaming green knight
of good fortune.
Lavender gem of wisdom!
Combine your brilliance to forge
a blinding new brightness!
I Fusion Summon,
The mighty Gem‐Knight
Master Diamond!
(growls)
Oh, yeah! I almost
feel sorry for this guy.
Julia's Fusion Summons
are gonna blow you away.
(Yuto)
Fusion is the way
of our enemy.
Anyone who uses it
is a danger.
I just wanted to learn
to Fusion Summon
to become a better duelist.
To protect my school
and my friends.
What's wrong with that?
How's that
make me dangerous?
I got a few more surprises
up my sleeve.
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond
gains 100 attack points
for every Gem monster
in my graveyard.
That's 300 more points
packed into Diamond's punch!
But that's not all
I've got for you.
Thanks to Lady Lapis Lazuli's
special ability,
by sending another
Lady Lapis Lazuli
in my Extra Deck
to the graveyard,
I can hit you for 100 points
of damage for every monster
on the field that was summoned
from the Extra Deck!
There's six monsters
on the field!
And Lapis Lazuli's
got 2400 attack points.
(Julia)
Which means you're world
is about
to get rocked!
(explosion)
Now finish him off!
Come on,
you can do it, Julia!
This next move was taught to me
by Professor Marco.
It'll teach you to never mess
with me and my friends again.
This next move was taught to me
by Professor Marco.
It'll teach you to never mess
with me and my friends again.
By banishing Lapis Lazuli,
Gem‐Knight Master Diamond
can absorb
its special abilities.
That means Master Diamond
can use Lapis Lazuli's
special ability!
Just as before,
I send another Lapis Lazuli
to the graveyard.
Only this time, you're taking
100 points of damage
for every monster
on our field,
plus half of Master Diamond's
attack points!
That'll do it!
Aw, yeah!
I hope you all
enjoyed yourselves.
I activate
a trap
from the graveyard!
By banishing
Raidraptor‐Readiness
from my graveyard
and lowering
my life points to ten,
I can block any damage
coming my way.
Drat, he just
stopped the attack.
But he's just hanging
on by a thread.
One more attack
and he's done.
That would be true
were it not for the fact
that with
Raidraptor‐Readiness
I won't take any more damage
for the rest of this turn.
Whoa, so then,
even if she attacks...
I can't beat him,
I end my turn.
It's your move.
(Shay)
As I suspected,
you are but lambs
trying to fight a lion.
You think so, huh?
You talk big for someone
who's barely holding on.
True, but then we are
always being pushed
to the edge of defeat
by those who oppose us.
What does that mean!?
Who knows with this guy.
But in the end,
we rise up and we push back!
And it is our enemies who cower
and tremble with fear!
It's my turn!
(shocked and worried groans)
I now activate Dimension Xyz!
Since I have less than
a thousand life points,
and I have three copies
of the same monster
in the graveyard,
I can use them to Xyz Summon.
I overlay the three
Vanishing Lanius'!
(explosion)
From the shadows, the falcon
soars on wings of courage,
talons ready for the rebellion!
I Xyz Summon!
Witness the assent of
Raidraptor‐Rise Falcon!
(screeching)
Uh, just 100 attack points?
(Shay)
Raidraptor‐Rise Falcon
can attack each
of your monsters once.
Prepare for total destruction!
Total destruction?
That thing doesn't have
enough attack points
to destroy anything.
I am afraid you
are quite mistaken.
By using one Overlay Unit,
it gains the attack points of
every monster on your field.
(roaring)
Is‐‐ I mean...
Is that a‐‐
How can that...?
No way.
This is bad.
(roaring)
And now!
Raidraptor‐Rise Falcon
will finish you all!
Ravaging Rebellion!
(explosion)
(all screaming)
(grunting)
(Yuto)
You say you're trying
to protect your friends?
So are we.
That is the reason
we fight.
We're fighting
for our people,
for Lulu,
for our friends.
Because we must,
we have no choice.
Zuzu, if you get
involved in this battle,
you have to do whatever
it takes to come out all right.
Even if that means
you have to Fusion Summon.
(gasps)
It might be the way
of our enemy.
But I know that you are doing
it to protect your friends.
I admire that.
(gasps)
It's what we all must do.
For a better world.
And for a better tomorrow.
You know,
you and Lulu
have a lot in common.
Uh.
Hang on!
Lulu, who is she?
(whooshing)
(groaning)
She's my colleague's sister.
His name is Shay.
What about you?
I still don't
know your name.
My name is... Yuto.
Yuto?
(groans)
(whooshing)
(gasps)
♪
He's gone.
(groaning)
(Julia groaning)
(Claude)
We've got you surrounded.
There's nowhere to run.
(Shay)
Run? You don't
know me very well.
I don't run
from hunting dogs.
In fact, I was hoping
you would show up.
Tell me,
where is your master?
(Declan)
I'm right here.
♪